[Style guide] Grammar and Formatting (#9263)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/style-guide/grammar-and-formatting/parts-of-speech/compound-words.md

---
pcx_content_type: Concept
title: Compound Words
---

## Compound Words

## Whitespace

Some are fairly frequent in our blog posts and product content. For the sake of consistency, we need to follow these conventions when using them:

> Change your nameservers to Cloudflare's. 

Reviewer: make it apparent that these lines are examples

✅ Nameserver, ❌ name server

Add a *. SAN (wildcard) to the custom hostname certificate.

✅ Hostname, ❌ host name

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Cloudflare updates the new setting across all of our data centers around the world.

✅ data center, ❌ datacenter

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Select the Transfer lock checkbox before continuing the setup.

✅ checkbox, 
❌ check box

When using compound words that have a preposition in them (think log in, or set up), they should be written as two separate words when they are verbs, and as one word when they are nouns.

> See these examples:

Reviewer: i think we can make this into a header so its apparent that the sections below contain examples

### Verbs

Now you can **set up** Centrify, OneLogin, and other identity providers with Cloudflare Access.

Learn how to start using SSO to **log in** to the Cloudflare dashboard. 

Make sure to **back up** your data.

### Nouns

Having DAGs that can run simultaneously requires an Airflow **setup** that has been built and configured to scale.

Share an account without sharing a **login**.

This allows you to restore your data from the **backup**.

## Hyphenation 

Certain expressions should be hyphenated depending on their position and role in the sentence.

As a general rule, when a compound word precedes a noun, it's called a **modifier** and should be hyphenated.
When the same word comes after a verb, it has the role of an adverb and it should not be hyphenated.

> See these examples:

Reviewer: same comment as above

---
pcx_content_type: Concept
title: Compound Words
---

## Compound Words

## Whitespace

> Some are fairly frequent in our blog posts and product content. For the sake of consistency, we need to follow these conventions when using them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whitespace is used in our blog posts and product content. For the sake of consistency, follow these conventions when using them:
```

  </tr>
</table>

When using compound words that have a preposition in them (think log in, or set up), they should be written as two separate words when they are verbs, and as one word when they are nouns.

See these examples:

### Verbs

Now you can **set up** Centrify, OneLogin, and other identity providers with Cloudflare Access.

Learn how to start using SSO to **log in** to the Cloudflare dashboard. 

Make sure to **back up** your data.

### Nouns

Having DAGs that can run simultaneously requires an Airflow **setup** that has been built and configured to scale.

Share an account without sharing a **login**.

This allows you to restore your data from the **backup**.

## Hyphenation 

Certain expressions should be hyphenated depending on their position and role in the sentence.

As a general rule, when a compound word precedes a noun, it is called a **modifier** and should be hyphenated.
When the same word comes after a verb, it has the role of an adverb and it should not be hyphenated.

See these examples:

### Modifiers

Keep **up-to-date** passwords secured and safe.

**Day-to-day** maintenance means any daily processes which must be implemented for the equipment.

> This allows us to implement **state-of-the-art** security for our customers.

Reviewer: i feel like it might be better to make this into a table like on the wiki page.

Author: Agreed. I'll remove the headings here and just make it a table comparing the two.
